Add information about warning when resource managed by helm is modified (#1300)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/v2_migration_doc.md

  kubectl apply --namespace <NAMESPACE-NAME>  --force --filename -
  ```

>   **Notice** Warning will appear after running command above when DaemonSet managed by helm is modified,
>   example form of the warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Notice**: When DaemonSet managed by helm is modified by the command specified above, one might expect
  a warning similar to the one below:
```
